user_permission:administer news feeds
user_permission:access news feeds
user_permission:administer blocks
user_permission:administer book outlines
user_permission:create new books
user_permission:add content to books
user_permission:access printer-friendly version
user_permission:boost flush pages
user_permission:edit boxes
user_permission:administer boxes
user_permission:administer comments
user_permission:access comments
user_permission:post comments
user_permission:skip comment approval
user_permission:edit own comments
user_permission:administer contact forms
user_permission:access site-wide contact form
user_permission:access user contact forms
user_permission:administer contexts
user_permission:access devel information
user_permission:execute php code
user_permission:switch users
user_permission:administer features
user_permission:manage features
user_permission:administer filters
user_permission:use text format filtered_html
user_permission:use text format full_html
user_permission:administer homebox
user_permission:administer image styles
user_permission:administer languages
user_permission:translate interface
user_permission:use on-page translation
user_permission:submit translations to localization server
user_permission:administer mailsystem
user_permission:administer menu
user_permission:edit mimemail user settings
user_permission:administer module filter
user_permission:bypass node access
user_permission:administer content types
user_permission:administer nodes
user_permission:access content overview
user_permission:access content
user_permission:view own unpublished content
user_permission:view revisions
user_permission:revert revisions
user_permission:delete revisions
user_permission:create blog content
user_permission:edit own blog content
user_permission:edit any blog content
user_permission:delete own blog content
user_permission:delete any blog content
user_permission:create article content
user_permission:edit own article content
user_permission:edit any article content
user_permission:delete own article content
user_permission:delete any article content
user_permission:create book content
user_permission:edit own book content
user_permission:edit any book content
user_permission:delete own book content
user_permission:delete any book content
user_permission:create mass_contact content
user_permission:edit own mass_contact content
user_permission:edit any mass_contact content
user_permission:delete own mass_contact content
user_permission:delete any mass_contact content
user_permission:create page content
user_permission:edit own page content
user_permission:edit any page content
user_permission:delete own page content
user_permission:delete any page content
user_permission:create projects content
user_permission:edit own projects content
user_permission:edit any projects content
user_permission:delete own projects content
user_permission:delete any projects content
user_permission:export nodes
user_permission:export own nodes
user_permission:use PHP to import nodes
user_permission:administer phpmailer settings
user_permission:administer url aliases
user_permission:create url aliases
user_permission:administer profiler builder
user_permission:administer reroute email
user_permission:administer search
user_permission:search content
user_permission:use advanced search
user_permission:administer modules
user_permission:administer site configuration
user_permission:administer themes
user_permission:administer software updates
user_permission:administer actions
user_permission:access administration pages
user_permission:access site in maintenance mode
user_permission:view the administration theme
user_permission:access site reports
user_permission:block IP addresses
user_permission:administer taxonomy
user_permission:edit terms in newsletter
user_permission:delete terms in newsletter
user_permission:edit terms in tags
user_permission:delete terms in tags
user_permission:administer unit tests
user_permission:access toolbar
user_permission:administer uuid
user_permission:administer permissions
user_permission:administer users
user_permission:access user profiles
user_permission:change own username
user_permission:cancel account
user_permission:select account cancellation method
user_permission:administer views
user_permission:access all views
user_permission:access dashboard
user_permission:administer rules
user_permission:bypass rules access
user_permission:access rules debug